hey it's me Destin welcome back to
smarter every day I apologize up front
my left eardrum has exploded I have no
idea how loud I'm talking my feedback
loop is broken
anyway the purpose of this video is to
inform you what I did in Australia for
two and a half weeks it was awesome I
did all kinds of crazy stuff but there's
really no linearity to it I figure the
best way is just but I show you
everything so here's the deal we're just
going to go on the trip as it went down
you're gonna know what to expect coming
up with smarter every day and at the end
I hope you're excited and happy because
you saw a wombat me rub it on a kangaroo
and me diving that's the kind of stuff
that's about to happen anyway let's go
Australia this is Chris Casella he runs
a Facebook page in Australia called
science alert he came to Alabama to
visit me back in the winter I didn't
really know why I was visiting but we
had a good time turns out I think he was
just checking me out to see if I was the
real deal and a good fit because Chris
was planning a huge event for National
Science Week in Australia that's how I
got to go on this trip science alert
flew me to Australia for National
Science Week and my wife pretty big deal
so first things first
on the way to Australia I stopped off
and hung out with a buddy named Mark
Roper at VidCon now mark let me crash at
his house and we went we did this crazy
experiment back behind the Jet
Propulsion lab at NASA there's this old
riverbed that runs behind it so mark and
just kind of like snuck in there and set
up this huge experiment involving fire
and mirrors and motors you all kinds of
crazy stuff yeah you got my hat anyway
at VidCon it was pretty awesome the
first thing we did is I did a panel with
Gavin from the slow mo guys it was
called the art and science of slow
motion video my name's Dustin don't
complain Alabama yes give millions of so
so he comes over and he's like what
we're going to alright get propane 10
yeah we literally took it off my grill
we have a propane tank
my dad's pawn just drained out for some
reason we don't know why we're a throw
the propane tank at the bottom of it and
we're going to go get guns and we're
just gonna like shoot propane tank
that's the beautiful thing about Gavin's
channel is it is completely unapologetic
is like we don't know what the craps
going to happen but we're so good
there's on smarter every day am i okay
now we'll talk about the velocity of the
banana as it is sliced we shoot it and
it just goes yeah it's big white cloud
in flatland no explosion listen it's a
pond is full of propane and it's not
going anywhere he's head of it airs you
sitting there Roy we need fire
it's a one of us is dragons print
dragons right so we roll over we get the
12-gauge like little dragon stretch like
who's shooting there's like I'm shooting
nothing
we still look at each other like that
was going to be a three million watching
Dan so violently attacking clouds now
Dan from the slow mo guys was not there
because he's fighting a war right now
remember that people are still doing
that so another cool thing I did is I
just set up a slow-motion camera edit
booth and I just let people come up and
play it what I called the slow-motion
touch table they had a lot of fun and
there were a lot of really creative
people but I really kind of tricked
people into hurting himself so that I
could get it on slow-mo and they did it
like all day long it was really fun
Oh
all right
that's kind of tenant
so after that I did a really cool edu
panel with Derek from veritasium Emily
from brains group and the great John
Green from crash course and the cool
thing about that is halfway through our
panel this little girl named Presley
stands up she's homeschooled and she
decides to give a monologue about how
she feels about educational video on
YouTube I am a homeschool child and I
and I started learn learning about
history and science and such from from
read from just reading some books up
that we got from the library but once I
found all of you guys I discover I
discover I decided I learned more about
history and science and biology and a
lot and a lot of things so I so I think
it's um really cool update that people
make history videos on YouTube and you
are my favorite teachers I like kids and
I like it when kids learn so yeah she
reduced us all to blubbering idiots and
we were very happy but at the same time
we felt very touched that was pretty
awesome so that was a good way to round
off my VidCon experience anyway after
that my wife flew into town we just
spent a day chilling out at the Getty
Center which is an awesome place you can
go and check out amazing architecture
art all kinds of old manuscripts and
books and landscape it's amazing anyway
that's what we decided to do to get
ready to go to Australia together for a
10-year anniversary trip so we fly
across the Pacific Ocean and we go
straight into Sydney and from Sydney we
go to Canberra which is the capital of
Australia I knew things are going to be
good because when I got off the plane I
met George and Evan and they actually
recognize me from smarter every day so
George Evan was a construction on camera
started in 1913 because Melbourne and
Sydney couldn't agree on which city was
the coolest and should be the capital
kind of lame I know but that's the way
how history works sometimes anyway
Canberra means meeting place in the
local language and boom that's where
Chris lives so what is that
that's Parliament House that's par let
it dance and it moved right up to it
that's the capital of Australia of
account that's fine right so Canberra we
chilled out for a day got rid of the
jetlag and then the next morning we went
to the Tidbinbilla Nature Preserve with
Chris the whole point was
get slow-motion video of kangaroos in to
let Destin interact with kangaroos
seriously I'm going to put my hand down
here where your pouch is and we're just
going to see how this goes don't bite me
just don't buy me let's just don't do
that I I cannot feel a pouch so NASA's
based America right have you ever
thought about how they communicate with
Mars when it's on the other side of the
world well the answer is NASA's Deep
Space Network located in Canberra we
were there a few minutes ago now we're
in Canberra it's awesome we went visited
there and I got to learn all kinds of
cool stuff there'll be a video coming
out about that okay this is where Chris
came through like a serious bro he knew
it was my ten-year anniversary trip and
he knew my wife was going to be like
involved in all this science stuff I had
to do for the rest of the trip so he
rented a car for us and he sent us up to
this place called the heavens located in
Kangaroo Valley on the way there we just
like get to experience all this crazy
wildlife we kept seeing these really
weird things what is it stiff as a board
what's it called the thing we've been
seeing dad a wombat that is what it is
here wombat wombat wombat where's he
going
we had shrimp on the barbie which nobody
says in Austrade because they call them
prawns we get to see a place called
Fitzroy balls - really high waterfall
that that's in the way
are you recording you know I'm gonna do
this at some point basically I drove up
to a random guys house I knocked on the
door and I was like hey I want to meet a
real Australian can we talk for a little
while I didn't think I would ever see a
gun in Australia I was wrong I'm
extremely impressed all these things
have been modified after we arrived back
in town that was our first panel this
happened at Australian National
University
i sat next to Phil Plait the bad
astronomer Mitchell and Greg from ASAP
science Henry from minutephysics Elise
Andrews from IFLS we had a really good
time after we got done at the panel and
you we got in Chris's van and we drove
up to Sydney where we had to meet up
with just a bunch of random people that
came out when we tweeted about it or in
Sydney okay we didn't meet up this is
Eric Eric's been watching since the
chicken head tracking video Henry say
yeah no you have it that's a long time
man 1 2 3 so the next morning we got up
and Tara and I went to church out in
Sydney we visited a guy named John North
who had preached in Alabama before we
wanted to say hey to him so he took a
taxi out to his church and then
afterwards came back for Sydney harbor
cruise which was a big deal because we
went swimming in Sydney Harbour in the
middle of winter which was crazy so
there's this artist called MC Escher and
he used to make drawings of
mathematically impossible
awesome architecture that's like
inspired by math check this out I feel
like I'm staying in one of his buildings
I'm on the 9th floor and it's this
infinite reality like you can see
there's these walkways all over the
place and you can see down several
floors it's like this whole building was
designed by MC Escher you can look up
and you can see all these crazy
boardwalks look at this so after we left
Sydney we went to Townsville that's
where James Cook University is it's the
place to go for marine biology after the
professors gave us a rundown on all the
research they were working on we went
and did another panel and all these cool
people came out and hung out with us so
I need to make a video about touring
Australia and put you guys in it
what about Butchie at the very end so
nobody sees you down after the panel we
wouldn't hang out at John Chandler's
house he lives in the most amazing
treehouse in the middle of the woods in
Townsville it was awesome so immediately
after we left Townsville everybody else
went to Orpheus Island but Tara and I
went straight up to Cannes - JC use
research lab in Cannes we met two very
special people the first one was Richard
Fitzpatrick is this what I think it is
yep that's an Emmy just sitting on your
desk it's better than being in a BA yeah
so what did you win it for um worst
Australian accent in a documentary you
seven did some filming of the National
Geographic no big deal also met dr.
Jamie Seymour who is a world-renowned
venom expert so I'm Destin Jamie Jamie
is so you're on staff here right I'm a
full-time staff member chase you've been
here for 25 years all right so you're
what your professor that teaches what uh
onion brought you things but mainly
venomous animals so I'm interested in
why animals have been okay so you don't
know it but me and you just became best
friends
so you're gonna die are you willing to
teach me all about venomous animals
absolutely like you wouldn't have to
know the most venomous jellyfish in the
world by chance would you
what see one rot it what the most
venomous animal in the world not just
the most venomous jellyfish these two
guys are the core of what we're going to
learn and smarter every day in Australia
we spent time on the reef with them we
spent time in the lab with them we
learned all kinds of stuff from these
two guys and they're just fun to hang
out with anyway I guess that's about it
one more note for my wife and I think
we'll be done here so I hope you enjoyed
the Australia trip I know I did and my
wife did and you're you're very thankful
to hoot Presidium to science alert and
to audible audible.com slash smarter
they're our sponsor and you get a free
audiobook I'll leave a link in the video
description you actually signed us up
for audible didn't you I did like before
they approached us right yes pre
you doing sponsorships for them also a
book do you recommend I recommend five
love languages by Gary Chapman which has
helped me significantly over the past
ten years come on
everybody knows our we have a perfect
marriage we never fight never what
you're saying is because you love me so
much you want people to download this
free audio book at audible.com/smarter
and go learn about love languages what's
my love language probably physical touch
and words of affirmation
what's your love language because I know
it it's acts of service and acts of
service what is it in quality time
quality time so if you want to help me
spend more quality time with my wife
then please consider going to
audible.com/smarter in downloading your
free audio book or click the first link
in the video description happy wife
happy life
right absolutely yes I'm deficit gets
smarter every day have a good one
sometimes people communicate two
different ways when they're we just had
a video about how great our marriages is
are you ready to go to mommy you'll go
to mommy bye-bye
you guys ready to get rid of daddy why
not I love you did so I told a science
alert guy that I would only come to
Australia if I could bring my wife for
my 10-year anniversary and this is where
he put us up at least one night so he
delivered
you